# DN : 15-08-22's Note

## Morning thoughts

It's like 9:39 right now and I just realized that I've been focusing a little bit too much on Japanese for the last 10 days. I almost skipped meditation, I didn't read anything that wasn't Japanese-related, and yeah I skipped pretty much a lot of things I usually enjoy to do. 

So I think I'm actually going to limit my Japanese learning to  2hours per day (not less, not more).

I'm going to write an article on meditation and its benefits very soon, probably today or tomorrow. I'm currently using an app called Medito. My Longest Streak is 35d, with 614 Minutes Listened for 87 Sessions. 

## Why every teenager should meditate 5 minutes every day for the rest of their life.

Greetings everyone, Misudashi here. In this article, we will be reviewing the large topic of *Meditation*, in details.
**Please note that** I am not a professional, and I would be very pleased to be corrected by whoever may find mistakes, or someone who has things they would've liked to be added to this article. 
You can contact me by e-mail using `misudashi at yahoo dot com`.

Through this page, I will be talking about my personal experience on meditation as a teenager, the scientific benefits behind it, how to start your journey on meditation, and finally, I will be destroying some stereotypes we often hear on the topic.

### [Summary]()

- [The stereotypes about meditation and why you shouldn't listen to them]()
- [Why should you start meditating]()
- [When should you start meditating]()
- [How can you start meditating]()


