# 2022-08-15 

## Morning thoughts

It's like 9:39 right now and I just realized that I've been focusing a little bit too much on Japanese for the last 10 days. I almost skipped meditation, I didn't read anything that wasn't Japanese-related, and yeah I skipped pretty much a lot of things I usually enjoy to do. 

So I think I'm actually going to limit my Japanese learning to  2hours per day (not less, not more).

I'm going to write an article on meditation and its benefits very soon, probably today or tomorrow. I'm currently using an app called Medito. My Longest Streak is 35d, with 614 Minutes Listened for 87 Sessions. 

## Why every teenager should meditate 5 minutes every day for the rest of their life.

I just finished the article. It is available here : [[A-The Benefits Of Meditation]]

## Japanese

I am still reading this grammar guide I found yesterday. It is quite interesting if I want to be honest. 

I'm also mining new words for my Anki Deck, which looks like [that](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/945027080037498890/1008703904122409071/unknown.png) for now.

I'm starting to realize how easy it is to mine new words, but how long it will be. Like literally, there are just so many words in a language. And I will have to learn all of them ! Damn.

Anyway, it's quite fun to be fair. [Jisho](https://jisho.org/) is helping me a lot to understand sentences and stuff. 

So I have a plan to learn Japanese.

- First, I will finish *reading* (without taking much notes) [Sakubi's Grammar Guide](https://sakubi.neocities.org/#). Once I've done that, I can try to setup a habit on Pitch Awareness, as recommends [Morg](https://morg.systems). Once I can easily train my Pitch Awareness daily, I will actually start mining on parallel. Like for real for real. I will be reading, watching, listening, talking. I'm quite excited to be honest !

## General Thoughts and stuff

I think what I'm going to do is setup a weekly report instead of a daily report. I'll probably revamp this whole daily-notes thing pretty hard. I'm excited for this shit too. *(NOTE FROM LATER : I revamped it into weekly-reviews ;)*

I haven't read for a long time. I should probably do that, not gonna lie. Like I just feel like I've been focusing too much on Japanese. Don't give me wrong, I love it, but I should also think of other parts of my life. 

In September, I'll be going to the gym and I'm ready to do that for the rest of my life.

What I need to do I think is set a daily sort of TimeTable, but sadly, the holiday touches to an end, so when I get back in Highschool I will have to revamp it again. Interesting stuff.

## Next Note:
- [[Weekly Japanese Review 1 2022-08-15 to 2022-08-21]]

## Links :
- [[index]]